In his Word, Jehovah has promised
to bring peace to his loyal servants.
As we’ve learned, that peace
is more than the absence of conflict.
It involves our overall well-being,
including our health and security.
God’s heartwarming promises
fill us with appreciation and hope.
In the Bible in the 145th Psalm,
it tells us in verses 15 and 16:
“All eyes look hopefully to you;
“you give them their food in its season.
“You open your hand and satisfy the desire
of every living thing.”
In this symposium, we will consider the past,
present, and future fulfillment
of several Bible prophecies of peace
that are found in the book of Isaiah.
Jehovah promises to provide an abundance
of both literal food and spiritual food.
When the Israelites loyally served Jehovah,
they experienced the blessings foretold
at Isaiah 49:10.
Today, Jehovah’s servants are experiencing
the fulfillment of Isaiah 65:13, 14.
There you’ll find it to say:
“Therefore this is what
the Sovereign Lord Jehovah says:
“‘Look!
“‘My servants will eat,
but you will go hungry.
“‘Look! My servants will drink,
“‘but you will go thirsty.
“‘Look! My servants will rejoice,
“‘but you will suffer shame.
“‘Look! My servants will shout joyfully
“‘because of the good condition of the heart,
“‘but you will cry out
because of the pain of heart
and you will wail
because of a broken spirit.’”
Although we may at times
experience literal hunger,
we enjoy an abundance
of satisfying spiritual food.
In the future,
Jehovah will
completely eliminate literal hunger.
As you watch the following video,
think about the blessings we enjoy now
and the ones we will enjoy in the future.
Through Isaiah,
Jehovah promised to feed his servants
physically
and spiritually.
Today, Jehovah invites us to a banquet
that is spiritually nourishing.
Bible-based videos and publications
draw us close to God
and satisfy our hunger for truth.
In the new world,
abundant, healthy food will be more
than a promise
—it will be a reality.
“There will be an abundance
of grain on the earth;
on the top of the mountains
it will overflow.”
What a blessing it is
to be among Jehovah’s people!
Spiritual provisions flow to us
like an ever-broadening
and ever-deepening river.
There’s not a grain of salt missing
nor a slice of bread
nor a pat of butter missing.
There is way too much to eat at one meal.
We have to come
to Jehovah’s table several times a week
to keep our spiritual fiber intact
and energy strong
for the work we engage in
—the Kingdom preaching.
We have an abundance of nourishing food
—Bible-based publications,
recordings and videos,
meetings and conventions,
website material.
Jehovah has not deviated from his promise.
Note this one, Psalm 72:16:
“There will be an abundance
of grain on the earth;
“on the top of the mountains
it will overflow.
“His fruit will flourish as in Lebanon,
“and in the cities people will blossom
like the vegetation of the earth.”
And then again, Isaiah 30:23:
“And he will give the rain
“for the seed you sow in the ground,
“and the bread that the ground produces
“will be abundant and rich.
“In that day your livestock will graze
in spacious pastures.”
Jehovah has placed
everything we need on the table.
We must willfully come to the table
and sit down and eat.
He doesn’t make us come
like some mothers may have
to demand a reluctant child
to come to the house
from playing and eat a meal.
Be sure to thank Jehovah
for the spiritual food he provides.
Psalm 100:2, 3 reminds us:
“Serve Jehovah with rejoicing.
“Come into his presence with joyful shouting.
“Know that Jehovah is God.
“He is the one who made us,
and we belong to him.
We are his people
and the sheep of his pasture.”
Show your appreciation.
How?
By studying diligently
and applying what you learn.
If you lack sufficient material things now,
take delight in meditating
on future Kingdom blessings.
Jehovah will surely fulfill his promises,
just as he has always done.
Isaiah 55:10, 11 reminds us:
“For just as the rain and the snow
“pour down from heaven
“and do not return there
“until they saturate the earth,
“making it produce and sprout,
“giving seed to the sower
and bread to the eater,
“so my word that goes out
of my mouth will be.
“It will not return to me without results,
“but it will certainly accomplish
“whatever is my delight,
“and it will have sure success
in what I send it to do.”
Brother Ronald Curzan,
a helper to the Teaching Committee,
will now present
the next talk of this symposium,
“Take Delight in God’s Promises of Peace
‘They Will Build Houses and . . .
Plant Vineyards.’”